I mean it's the worst fake crying who
ever seen she's just using the technique
but what the technique holy here Amanda
this is my stepdad mark how long are you
here Amanda
my mom's gonna pick me up around
midnight midnight slate for us I'll call
your mom she can come pick you up now
she's busy doing more chemotherapy I
[Music]
don't have any feelings ever and that
doesn't necessarily make me a bad person
just means I have to work a little
harder to be good I'm sending you to
boarding school after that you're off my
payroll you hate him you despise him
maybe you can't go anything like that
I'm fine she's not gonna have to stand
here all day like robot repeating myself
I'm fine I'm fine I'm fine I'm fine
everything by just killing him how would
you what the hell is he even doing here
I am providing you all with early drug
experiences that you will forever
cherish look the how are you we have a
business proposition for you you got a
gun yes I have a good you don't know or
I come question sir a man you have no
idea I couldn't think you forget here
hold it no thanks anyway you cannot
hesitate the only thing worse than being
incompetent or being unkind
or being evil is being indecisive okay
Shelly
[Music]
what am I gonna tell my dad wear a hat
we're keeping this by the way
[Music]